You know better! You know that I would never tell you that! Maybe if I would be able to hold your hand, to have a nice conversation over a glass of wine, maybe if I would know you better I might know about that.

Otherwise, on CNN, on worldwide television? Never. Next question, please. 

Stuff about the personal experiences, but I was very fortunate. When I did my doctorate on a research study that I did for Planned Parenthood, in those days, nobody talked about it, like you said, Nobody talked about contraception. Nobody talked about premature ejaculation or women who didn`t have orgasms.

I was very fortunate. I then was trained by Dr. Helen Singer-Kaplan at Cornell. I worked with her for seven years. And I was fortunate that I did get a radio program and I did that for ten years on WYNY, NBC radio, doing exactly what you are doing, answering questions and talking about topics that today and then were of great importance.

And I had to learn about AIDS myself first. But I already knew about responsible relationships. I already knew about using condoms when you don`t want to be parents. So I was fortunate I was at the right place at the right time.

And then there is something else, too. I do have a lot what is called chutzpah. Chutzpah means nerve. I knew I had to talk about these topics in a very explicit way in order for people to I`m serious, I`m old- fashioned and a square, but I speak, as you said, very openly.

And the other point is, it was the most important time in the early `80s and lots of people had questions, like they still have questions today. 

The other thing is, in order to tell you one thing that is personal, I came out of Nazi Germany. I was an orphan at the age of 10 1/2, lived in an orphanage in Switzerland. Then I lived in then-Palestine that became Israel. And then I came here, went to Paris first to study and came here.

The one thing about me that you, have to know is, since I`m one of those fortunate German-Jewish people who survived while 1,500,000 children did not survive, there is something that I knew I have to make a dent with my life in order to prove to myself that there`s a reason why I`m around. 

Now, I did not know that we`d be talking about orgasms with you, but I knew that I had to learn something that would make life for many people easier. And that`s what happened when I talk about relationships and when I talk about sex, and when I write a lot of books about it.

The latest, "Sexually Speaking," what every woman has to know about sex. But I want you,  and all the then out there, your listeners, I want them to read it too. OK?

Fair enough. We certainly need a lot of instruction. The male is like a hamster on the wheel and woman is like a flight deck of a 747. Each plane is different which makes us really confused sometimes. 

Let`s go out to the calls, Doctor. Let`s talk to Suzy in Texas. Suzy, what do you have for us? 

No question. It depends on your morality. It depends on your values. It depends on your religious upbringing. 

But Suzy`s situation does happen now more often than in the past, that a partner -- it can also be a woman, not just a man -- after some years says, this is not my sexual preference, I really would like to have a person of my own gender to be involved with.

In previous years, we didn`t hear so much about that, because it was more in the closet. Fortunately, as I`m happy as it is for those involved -- fortunately, in this great country of ours, it is easier today to be able to say "I am homosexual," "I do like members of my own sex." 

And I have said even in the `80s, I said to young people, make sure you go to a large city, make sure you go to a large university where there are people and group that are like you. So for somebody who decides that after marriage, like in Suzy`s case, my first question to Suzy, do you have children? 

He`s going to say to this wife of had his, hop into bed because I just paid for this Viagra pill, and look at the erection that I have. He didn`t do the dishes last night. He didn`t bring her flowers. Seriously speaking, the relationship might not be like it should be. 

The important thing for Suzy is to know that there`s nothing that she did wrong. These problems do occur, and she should go to a therapist and then she should go out and find herself a new relationship.

Fantastic. Yes, it does happen a lot. I`m with you, Dr. Ruth. Encourage people to be very honest about their sexuality because there`s tons of support out there. Tons of it.So find people who have been through what you`re going through. Don`t go it alone.

First of all, wonderful that you have a good sexual relationship. Sometimes if you don`t feel aroused, if you don`t feel sexually aroused at the same time, I tell you a secret, give him an orgasm. It takes two minutes. It`s not a big deal. Give him an orgasm.

If he only touches your vagina and forgets about your nose and forgets about your breasts, you have to teach him. You have to take his hand and you have to show him what you need on your belly, on your behind. Show it to him. Don`t expect him to know it by himself.

And that it takes a woman a longer time to be up on the curve of sexual arousal. Don`t make a big hesitation about it. Don`t talk about it. Take his hand and show him what you need. You have to take the risk to show him what is needed for you to have an orgasm. 

OK. I cannot answer that. I would have to have you here. And I would have to ask you many questions. But I have to tell you one thing that I think, if I can just take a guess. Maybe you still think about that first relationship. Maybe you`re still upset that that didn`t work.

So my suggestion to you is to make sure that you`re relaxed, make sure that you concentrate on the thought of the new relationship and not bring the old relationship into bed with you. Maybe sometimes what helps is a glass of wine. Now, just came out with a wine called Vin d`Amour, wine of love, it has only 6 percent of alcohol.

Drink it because it will help you to relax. The best thing would be if you both drink it. Good luck. 

there is why it`s fantastic that you -- I did my homework on you -- you are a medical doctor and that you can right away ask about medication. For me, I would have to say, go and see a medical doctor, go and see a gynecologist.

That`s a wonderful way of your combining the issue of medication and sexual arousal.

I wouldn`t say daily, but I would say maybe every other day, but very nice because that keeps the relationship going. Bravo. I`m very glad you had a male caller. Good luck to you. 

Especially when it`s hot and you can sleep naked. Wonderful.

The desire for sex, even for somebody like you, Tucker, is a very strong.

I would like Washington to have condoms in all colors. How about an orange one like my new sweater? 

I have to tell you I love what you both said. It`s good I`m wearing a red blouse because I`m blushing. I certainly love it. Good luck to you in your professions.

PINSKY: OK. We`re going to get back to both of you and Dr. Ruth and her chutzpah and more calls. 

And, oh, by the way, again, checking in with the storm, too. We`re going to do that later in the show and getting an on-the-ground view of what`s going on there now.

But, first, a quick break.

The Olympic swimmer, Lochte, since he wears that tight swim cap made out of rubber, I hope he puts that rubber -- you know what I`m talking about, condom -- in another place on his anatomy.

I know what she`s talking about. It is S&R, sex and relationship Wednesday. And I`m joined by Siggy Flicker, matchmaker, star of "Why Am I Still Single", and Emily Morse, star of "Miss Advised," and, of course, the cultural icon with tons of chutzpah to spare, Dr. Ruth Westheimer. 

Ruth, thank you. And speaking of your chutzpah, and I know I`m trying to tread carefully around personal question, but do you mind me sharing that you were actually in the military?

That`s true. But to all your listeners, the word chutzpah means nerve and it also means take a risk. 

And, be careful what you`re asking me. I was a sniper in the Haganah. It was before the Israel defense forces. I can still put five bullets in red circle and throw hand grenades. So be very careful. Even though I`m 82 years old, be careful what you`re asking me.

But this you can know. I`ve never killed anybody, but it wasn`t an act of heroism on my part. Everybody in those years, in the early years of Israel, was in some kind of a military group.

OK. I hope that every time you make love, before that, you are going to watch some explicit sexual movie, close your bedroom door. Don`t let the children watch. And then I have something else to tell you. Get your wife to buy the three volumes of " Shades of Grey" -- 

Let her read it first, then you read it. And then you call back and you let him know if it helped. OK? 

Yes, absolutely. I think the thing about porn is that a lot of women can be turned off by their partners watching porn, but there`s a lot porn for women now. A lot of porn is made for men. It`s what turn men on, but there`s also porn that feels good to women.

And so, if you`re in a couple and you`re thinking about exploiting porn together, why not like go online and see what floats her boat and what turns you on and if you can find some movies you like together.

OK. First of all, I`m very glad that you can look that straight in the face and you can say, because of my upbringing and because I was taught differently, I have some worries about it. Put those worries aside. Throw them out the window right now. Say to yourself, I`m in this situation, I`m fortunate, I have a fiance, and I am sexually active, and period.

And don`t let all of those thoughts spoil the ability to have an orgasm and the ability for him to ejaculate and for the two of you to have good sex. I have another idea for you. Put already a date, make a date, when are you getting married, because by that time, you can put all of these worries to bed. So make a date and get married.

I`m old-fashioned, I`m a square. It does not work in our society. There was a book written by the O`Neils. It was called "Open Marriage." Guess what? By the end of -- while they finish the book, they were divorced. In our culture, it does not work. Somebody is going to get jealous. Somebody is going to fall in love with that other partner, and you`ll be in trouble.

If sex has become routine, make sure you go and see a sex therapist, somebody who can help you to spruce up and make your sex life better. Going looking outside is never going to work in the long run.

Until you find a partner, don`t just sit there and moan and feel sorry for yourself. Close the door, read some very sexy fantasies, put some sexy music on, and bring yourself to sexual satisfaction.

I can tell you that there`s nothing -- absolutely nothing wrong with you. A lot of -- I think 70 percent of women need manual stimulation during sex and the clitoral (ph) stimulation. And so, there`s nothing at all wrong with you. You`re doing it all right. And you can even add a sex toy.

You can have your partner be manually stimulating you, but you shouldn`t feel that there`s anything wrong with that, because it`s more common than not that women need to be manually stimulated while they`re having, during the intercourse.

we still have women confused themselves about what the spectrum of normal orgasmic function is in women, don`t we? 

We do. We are very fortunate because in this country, in this great country of ours, women have heard the message that a woman has to take responsibility for her orgasms, for her sexual satisfaction. There are women who, for whatever reasons, do not have sexual -- don`t have an orgasm during intercourse but need clitoral stimulation, either or their own hands or their partner`s hands.

And like you people said, there is nothing wrong with it. It doesn`t matter. And who knows? Just if you take the anxiety away and if you might shift the position, maybe in the female superior position where you or your partner can touch the clitoris at the same time, and then, maybe, sometimes, it will happen that you have an orgasm during intercourse.

It does not matter. What matters is that you are going to be sexually satisfied. That`s what matters. So, don`t worry about it anymore.

Well, I`d like to just say that, you know, life is not black or white, and it`s not like that in the bedroom. There are not "Fifty Shades of Grey." There are 500 shades of grey. And when you feel like there`s something that you might want to explore -- and I learned this from  you have to have that chutzpah (ph), that courage to take a risk and ask for it.

Because, like when I was insecure about being in the bedroom of just having one position, I`ve learned to explore and ask and know what I like and what I don`t like. So, I think it`s very important to know what you like and not be afraid to ask for it and explore in that direction.

Yes, there`s lots of way -- I mean, first of all, you have to -- does he realize that he doesn`t satisfy you? Because communication is the lubrication. You have to let him know that he`s not satisfying you in the bedroom. I mean, I think that that`s the first thing that you have to talk about it.

But you have to couch it and you do it some things, there`s some things I`d really like to like, I`d really like to try. So, maybe, you bring in a sex toy, you bring in some bondage tape. You have to initiate, just like  said, women have to take responsibilities, not only for their own orgasms or for their entire sex life and for their entire, you know, ability to enjoy sex. So, I think that you have to talk to him about it and see why.

I think a lot of men are a little sort of -- I don`t want to say they`re timid. They`re confused about what makes women happy, aren`t they, still?

All right. They don`t even have to say it with words. She just has to take that -- she has to give herself that push to say, I am going to show you, without words, what I need in order to be satisfied. So, I agree with all of you. It can be with a vibrator. It can be by her showing what she needs herself.

But not to go on the negative by saying, you never satisfy me, and I don`t like you, or I`m going to go out some place else. Try first on the positive. If that doesn`t work, go and see a sex therapist. In situations like this, one or two sessions with a sex therapist might be helpful.

Excellent advice.

Tell your husband to come along for -- to do you a favor, to come along.

I`m not going to predict. I have to tell you, I`m old- fashioned and a square. I`m not going to predict anything for you, but I`m worried. I`m worried about sexually transmitted diseases. And can talk more about that. And I`m worried about attachments that will form because maybe the sex is better with somebody from that other couple.

And then, it will ruin your relationship. So, I don`t believe that this is going to last. If, in your case, it lasts, have a good time.

The first thing is, bravo to all of you, that you are keeping on. One thing to make your sexual and your interpersonal relationships the best it can be. And that`s what I think television and all of you and me should be very proud of.

And what we also should be proud of, that we have more and more information that will tell people, don`t worry about being normal, don`t worry that you are not exactly like your neighbor. Do the best you can for yourself, for your partner, and then, you are going to raise healthy, happy children who will be sexually literate.

In the meantime, keep on watching and from time to time, I`m going to talk to him, too. Bye!

Couple of things I`ll just sort of pile on to what you`re saying there, which is a lot of things I`ve dealt with over the years are, in fact, am I normal? I know you must have as well. And, secondly, this is something -- some words for thought that has left us with.

You know, as a physician, I, sometimes, am dealing with people who have come to the end of their life or maybe prematurely having their lives terminated for illness, HIV, things like that. And people try to make sense of what the purpose of their life was.

And I will tell you, almost always they come to the same conclusion that it is the important relationships in their life that gave life its deepest meaning. We matter to one another. We affect one another.

